[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Now, I'm gonna talk a
little bit about a few tools that we found
really useful in monitoring and sort of
preparing our applications for production.
The two aspects that
I'm gonna focus on and
give you a little demo of this afternoon
are a load testing tool called Locust.
And a error tracking service that
lots of teams use at Twilio actually
called Rollbar, which we'll take
exceptions in our application.
And put them in a service that will
notify us if bad things happen
in our application wall
it's running in production.
So I'll do a quick demo of locust, and
then I'll turn you all loose on starting
to add in some error handling in
our application on the server side,
which we haven't actually done yet,
if you have might have noticed.
So the first thing I'm gonna show
you is a tool called Locust on their
load testing tools for
just about every platform.
This particular one is a Python
based tool that I have
favored because it's
relatively easy to use.
It gives really good reporting output and
is configurable through a web interface,
which I'll show you here in a second.
It's got a large community around it.
And it allows you using Python code
to actually simulate different types
of usage scenarios on your website.
So the flexibility of
the configuration and
the maturity of the tool as well
as sort of the general usability
are some reasons why I favor it over
other things that are out there.
The production monitoring tool, we're
gonna take a look at is called Rollbar.
It's a third party service in whose API
you integrate into your application.
And when handled exceptions are raised,
you can send that exception
data to this service.
And it'll send out notifications
to whatever provider you
happen to have configured.
At Twilio, we use pager duty to create a
schedule of folks that are responsible for
responding to issues and
outages on the website.
>> Speaker 3: So,
Rollbar does server side stuff too?
>> Kevin Whinnery: It's fully
a server side, it's not quite.
Yeah, I think you might be
able to do client side, but
we only use it for the server side.
>> Speaker 3: You
can use track to ask in the clients side.
>> Kevin Whinnery: I know you can use
track to ask on the client side.
>> Audience: [LAUGH]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Minor plug for
our hometown hero, Todd Gartner.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Kevin Whinnery: But yeah, so Rollbar is
used across many services
at Twilio to notify folks
that things are going wrong, and it's
something that I've really come to enjoy.
If you have identifying information about
a user at the time an exception is thrown.
You can, in your Rollbar output,
see which user an exception
was generated from the origin.
If you have Rollbar configured correctly,
you can get a lot of very useful
information about any exceptions
in your application, so
definitely worth checking out.
And it integrates very nicely with Express
applications as you will find out
when you check out the exercise.